= Building a resume =
An ATS friendly CV is one with keyworkds that match the job spec that also
match the relevant work experience and highlight the specific skills that a job
requires.

== ATS compliant CV ==
1. Clear sections (summary, skills, work experience, contact etc.)
2. Simple fonts (calibri, arial, times new roman), easily readable.
3. No tables.
4. No columns.
5. No special characters.
6. Photos are optional.
7. Bullet points over long descriptions.
8. Avoid headers and footers.
9. Keywords from the job description.

* Always tailor your CV specifically for each job application.
* Save in PDF format and ensure you can highlight text.

== KISS ==
* One to three pages
* Avoid highlighting
* Do not fake

== Sections ==
%%                     ╔══════════════════════════════════╗
%%                     ║               Name               ║
%%                     ║           Designation            ║
%%                     ║         Phone | Location         ║
%%                     ║ Contact (mail, linkedin, github) ║
%%                     ╚══════════════════════════════════╝
* Summary:
  * Describe yourself in one paragraph (own words). Experience, qualities.
  * Skills.
  * Work experience:
%% ╭────────────────────╮
%% │     * Company name │
%% │     * Location     │
%% │     * Working role │
%% │     * Time spent   │
%% ╰────────────────────╯
    * Bullet points
  * Education:
    * Bachelors degree
    * College degree
  * Certifications:
  * Languages
  * Hobbies

== Tools ==
* [[https://www.jobscan.co/|Jobscan]]:
  * ATS friendly free professional resume templates.
  * Rate your resume.
* [[https://www.canva.com/|Canva]]:
  More colorful resume templates.

== References ==
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-z9ptlBar4|techTFQ, best resume format]]
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsYXe85-qws|Kamo Mothusi, ATS frienly CV]]
